Added a note to fee collection in custom accounting guide (#947)
Uniswap/docs: docs/contracts/v4/guides/08-custom-accounting.mdx

```

:::note

> > Using poolManager.take requires an ERC20 balance on the pool manager. For pools where tokens are not custodied by poolmanager, this is a limitation. As a workaround, use either:
> >1. poolManager.mint() instead, which is cheaper
> >2. A custom swap router, where input tokens are transferred to PoolManager before the router calls poolManager.swap()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Using `poolManager.take()` requires an ERC20 balance on the PoolManager, i.e. via other liquidity pools. If the `.take()` amount exceeds the ERC20 balance, the code will revert. As a workaround, use either:
>1. `poolManager.mint()` to obtain ERC6909, which are also more gas efficient
>2. A custom swap router, where input tokens are transferred to PoolManager before the router calls `poolManager.swap()`
```
